746 Updating and Revamping the Glossary (#834)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/glossary/D.md

## dApp {#dapp}

> A decentralized application (dApp) is a set of [smart contracts](S.md#smart-contract).

Reviewer: This definition needs to include more than the smart contracts (which would be the backend). I probably wrote this when I was at the beginning. A good example: https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/dapps/.
```suggestion
A decentralized application (dApp) employs [smart contracts](S.md#smart-contract) installed on a decentralized peer-to-peer network such as a blockchain.
```

## Deploy {#deploy}

> Deploys are state-changing instructions sent to global state through the use of [session code](/glossary/S/#session-code). The instructions are encrypted and include transferring tokens from one wallet to another, rewarding node validation, or sending [Wasm](/glossary/W/#webassembly) to be executed.

Reviewer: I'm confused by this one. The original is definitely incorrect, thanks for catching this. But, I thought deploys contain session code. So, can we say something like this instead: 
```suggestion
Deploys are state-changing instructions sent to global state through a client interacting with the network. The instructions are encrypted and include [session code](/glossary/S/#session-code) to be processed or [Wasm](/glossary/W/#webassembly) to be installed. Among many examples, the instructions can transfer tokens from one wallet to another, reward node validation, or execute Wasm on the network.
```

All deploys on the Casper Network can be broadly categorized as some unit of work that, when executed and committed, affects change to the [global state](G.md#global-state).

Review the [deploy data structure](../design/serialization-standard.md#deploy) and the [deploy implementation](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/master/node/src/types/deploy.rs#L475) for more details.

## Dictionary {#dictionary}

> A `Dictionary` is a method of data storage on a Casper network. Dictionaries represent a more efficient and scalable form of data storage when compared against `NamedKeys`.

Reviewer: I would say "data structure" instead of "method" and link to NamedKeys here.
```suggestion
A `Dictionary` is a storage data structure on a Casper network. Dictionaries represent a more efficient and scalable form of data storage when compared to [`NamedKeys`](N.md#namedkeys).
```
